README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

This repo is for the [freemeals.uk](https://freemeals.uk) project, based on the campaign started by Marcus Rashford to get children food, who may go without a hot meal over half term.

## Contributing

The data is currently being crowd sourced by a team of volunteers, head to the [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OaRn7UHsFpFLOfTeiUnIBr7ofjcemBEvf_gl5b1PoTY/edit#gid=593288514) to find out more. Data entry is the biggest issue right now so please help if you are able!

If you can code, we would welcome help on the tech side! Clone the repo, work on some improvements, and make a PR. Currently, we're working on adding mapping and search cappabilities, and some design assistance would be useful too.

A good way to start contributing would be to go to the Issues tab and find an issue to work on. Make sure you comment on the issue to let others know you will work on it, so we don't duplicate effort.

When you've cloned the repo, run `yarn start` in one terminal and `yarn start:lambda` in another. The site is hosted on netlify and is using a Lambda function to get the data from Google Sheets, and populate the app.

Commit message:

Update Readme with note about Slack group

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

This repo is for the [freemeals.uk](https://freemeals.uk) project, based on the campaign started by Marcus Rashford to get children food, who may go without a hot meal over half term.

## Contributing

The data is currently being crowd sourced by a team of volunteers, head to the [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OaRn7UHsFpFLOfTeiUnIBr7ofjcemBEvf_gl5b1PoTY/edit#gid=593288514) to find out more. Data entry is the biggest issue right now so please help if you are able!

If you can code, we would welcome help on the tech side! Clone the repo, work on some improvements, and make a PR. Currently, we're working on adding mapping and search cappabilities, and some design assistance would be useful too.

A good way to start contributing would be to go to the Issues tab and find an issue to work on. Make sure you comment on the issue to let others know you will work on it, so we don't duplicate effort.

If you're working on the app, drop me a <a href="https://twitter.com/_tmkly">Twitter DM</a> or an email to tom[at]tomoakley.me, including your email addrerss, and I'll send you an invite to the Slack group. We can coordinate our efforts better from there.

When you've cloned the repo, run `yarn start` in one terminal and `yarn start:lambda` in another. The site is hosted on netlify and is using a Lambda function to get the data from Google Sheets, and populate the app.
